
The apply family functions.

Many years. However, they were very idiomatic.

And,

It is possible.

It's carry out the same sort of calculations.

Without using it. So therefore, it will not be featured in this course.

NYCGlighrs
For the purposes of this exercise, we can use the NYC. Flights are packaged and temporarily constructed as a database that we may be interested.

In working with.

This data says, comprises flight information. From New York City in 2013.

The first step is to open the database connection.

As this is information data coming from. And internally stored our package, it is found in memory, so we will just specify as memory.

When working with more realistic examples, The connection string is more complicated and also presumes. That you have.

It is advisable to confer with the database administrator at your company.

The collect command. Query to the database where it will get processed. Then the results will be returned.

To the our environment.

There's is important to notice the Dust.

This is not. Necessarily evaluation.

For a DVD player query. By default the SQL query is not evaluated until the collection step.

What is lazy evaluation? What is tidy evaluation?

Once the collect statement has beEN RUN, I did a friendshipexist in the our environment that we can process as normal.

She'll query the show query command can.

Give us the equivalent SQL code for the all code that we have generated.

It's not absolutely necessary step.

But,

Having the equivalent SQL code. Maybe very useful for various purposes.
Before carrying out an SQL query, it is worth checking to see which columns Special command that will return all of Interest, there's a special command that will return all of the ins of all the columns.


------------------------
Set from The David says we're going to use is a data set from the open data portal and if concerns ground water quality,

Openstreetmap.

The city says it is provided by the Geological Survey of Ireland.

Focus on a subset of counties.

Shapefiles
CRS

Irish Travsrse Mercator

The SF package.
- simple features

DBF Files.

Plotly. Interact graphics

Leaflet.js.




Heat Maps.



r graphics in interactive mode.

One must consider the effectiveness of the graphic, the aesthetic.

Of the graphic.

Size  large object.

Can hinder the performance of shiny apps.

So, there is a trade-off.

Tidy verse and DB player.

These are core skills.

We require full Workshop in their own right

In this Workshop, we will give you a very brief introduction.

It's conventional. To record. G.p.s. coordinates in terms of a distinct x coordinate and the symptom or recorded e, longitude and latitude.

Geocoding R

https://x.com/gloverstweets/status/1708148119756481002?s=20