
This R Workshop will take place at the UL Pavilion on the Clare campus side of the University of Limerick.

Please take careful note of the are code and plan your journey accordingly.

Well, Sarah's and Dublin Coach Services. Regularly. Begin at 10 a.m.

I will continue to approximately 430 tea copies, may be purchased at the adjoining.
Cafeteria

Lunch me be purchased on site.

#### WiFi

Wi-Fi, can be accessed through the UL guest Wi-Fi network.

You may require to login with your Email address.

Material for the workshop can be downloaded from this following repository.

It contains code. And data files

It is best to download this repository in advancing the workshop.

Parking is free on the all campus on the weekends of November at the UL Pavilion.

Teas and coffees are not provided, but you may be purchased at the adjoining Bar / restaurant.

Please note that the R consortium code of conduct will apply and Behavior consistent with the modern workplace.

Will cover some several key topics that will be quick introduction to the tidyverse.

There will be an essay section dedicated to working with categorical data. What?

Documents working with times and dates working with text.

Short deviations will be accommodated. But the world.

Not enough time to cover Project work for an early academic activities.

8:37 PM
The section we will briefly discuss Geographic data. There are two types of geographic data point data polygon,

Volunteer to

Ie.

GPS coordinates.

There are multiple coordinate reference systems. In addition to the global positioning system, it can a GPS. There is the Irish travelers Mercator reference system.

We will demonstrate how to convert monk, organ system to another.

Use the SF package.

With location.

Points within a geographic polygon.

8:41 PM
Polygon is essentially a shape of a geographic universe.

We can use the geom SF object to create a maps with GT plot.

Geographic data is located and stored in.

A special file format called shapefile.

Shapefiles.

Typically available on the Okemos.

And the days were repository, there is a shapefile comprising, the counties of Ireland.

And data repository, there is the CSV file containing the names of Irish towns with the longitude and latitude coordinates.

For the purposes of converting from one CRS to another is important to know the epsg identifiers.

Core of body of the core of body of knowledge is outside our programming.

Statistical analysis of machine. Learning will not feature in this Workshop.

Janitor

Janitor are all package contains many functions that extend and enhance the functionality of tardy verse. We will have a look at som of the commsnds in this section

FACTORS

That's Categorical data in r is known as a factor. This is

Because of the Agricultural.

Origin of many of the statistical techniques. Now commonly used in statistics

The key R package for working with categorical variables is called for cats.

Our packages such as gg+ assume that many of the key categorical variables are encoded, as factors. So it is important to be able to manipulate them.

Factors different from Character days, in the current editions considered names.

In this exercise, we're here.

To assign a date of birth star sign in to AdWords data parts.

Snake.

The functionality is to require.

Multiple data tables is known as join us. There are several types of joins two. Main types are left joins in her joints and and he joins

Diagnose problems at the data.

We will work with two files data parts and start seconds. 